Oleksandr Braiko

3D architecture artist

DOB:
13 april 1988

Email:
oleks.braiko@gmail.com

Where I am:
Kyiv, Ukraine

Phone:
+380673484785

Languages:
English
Ukrainian
Russian

Main directions:
Architecture
Interior
Furniture
Product
Exterior

Core Skills:
Modeling
Texturing
Lighting	
Compositing
Animation

Software skills:
3ds Max
Corona
V-Ray
Adobe Photoshop
Fusion
AutoCAD
ArchiCAD
	
3D artist who switched from technical education to 3D art. I have over 10 years of experience mainly in interior and product visualization. Collaborated with private designers as well as large teams with multiple branches. Responsible communication and agility in approach was the key to successful project workflow.
My main directions are interior visualization as well as furniture modeling and presentation.
Also have experience with exterior renderings and animation. As these fields were not highly demanded by current customers, I still developed necessary skills to be able to provide these services as well.

Work experience and major collaborations:

2009 - present day
Freelance artist
- Visualizations for Interior designers, mostly in residential sector. As renderings in this field were a selling feature in discussions with the customer, often needed points were precise mood, material and accessory-filled environments that show the concept of designer;

2010 - present day
Wiesner-Hager Moebel GmbH
Austrian-based European office furniture producer.
- Collaboration with Marketing dept;
- Presentation of new products via renderings and animation;
- Remodeling Construction dept. models into free DWG, 3DS models provided for planning purposes;
- Modeling and rendering for exhibition stalls;

2011 - present day
ROOMWARE Consulting GmbH
Austrian office furniture solution provider.
- Collaboration with different teams at once, including management, in-house space planners and outsource advertising agencies. Required compromise approach to keep everyone`s point in rendering result;
- Large office renderings, which required prioritizing time-management;

2012 - present day
Moebelkollektiv GmbH (in collaboration with Stefan Link)
German design company, specialized in office solutions.
- Office renderings with minimalistic furniture and design which still require eye-catching points for local market;
- Quite often what was needed was preservation of current interior elements (i.e. niches, windows, doors, ceiling) in historical buildings. Not always precise technical drawings for these elements were available, and thus photo-referenced modeling was needed;

